According.
OK, cool.
Um, he's he's not here already.
Not yet.
Um, no.
She's not.
Ohh.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can.
You guys, can you hear me well because I have some Internet.
OK.
Do we need to wait for each hour? Can we can we start?
Ohh she's there.
Ohh she is here. Cool.
Hi.
Okay, is that? What did you uh do yesterday? What are you going to do today? And did you run into any problems?
Uh, well, yesterday I made those line charts, but today I was already working on adding some more. I will show you.
I now combine it into one bar chart for each neighbourhood.
Yeah.
It looks very nice.
And then you can select each neighbourhood and then see what's happening over there, yeah.
I'll take a look at it in a SEC.
Like you, I have these separately, but I I guess making it into one Fishel is maybe more.
Yeah.
Concise.
I'll take a look at it. Ohh, let's see.
Okay yeah.
Ohh.
Come on and lock.
Ohh I see. Cool.
Yeah, like I had these, but I think making it just one clear chart makes it better.
What do you mean?
I.
Hello.
Yeah.
Everything.
Like I have three of these visuals separately for total crime, so it'll nuisance unemployment, but this is everything for the neighbourhood in one chart.
Uh huh.
So I I'm not sure if it's more clear, but yeah.
Me this.
Yeah, maybe it's also interesting if you make like a.
Drop down menu where you can select what kind of uh.
Ohh yeah.
Ohh.
What do you want to visualise like total crime cell, the nuisance so drunk like that?
Yeah, right. The chicken select or deselect them, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, through or you that you can that you can like visualise everything all at once or like two or three or just one?
OK. Yeah. I will do that. Then I will keep I guess only this one and then make it select and deselect instead of like having these three.
OK.
Yeah, that's cool. Like and making it making the drop down menu or something like that is not that difficult.
No. True. So I I will do that.
OK, cool.
Ohh.
So that I will be doing that today and I guess maybe more but depends how far I'll come.
Okay, can you maybe?
Take a look at all the recordings and that we that we made in teams and maybe put them in a in a folder.
Yeah, I will look up.
Yeah.
If you if you have time, if you don't, I'll I'll do it later today. But if you do have some spare time left.
OK.
Yeah, sure.
Does my name was actually on it, but today I don't have much time.
No, that's fine. I will do it.
Okay cool.
No problem.
So that that any anymore problems?
No, I don't have any problems.
OK, cool.
Onto Mara. Same question for you.
Alright.
So yesterday I worked on the checklist. So today I'm planning to Add all the I checklist and maybe work on the missing values. Since I can't do a lot of work during the afternoon and since I have to leave in the hour and I will be back till 6:00 PM so I'll do most of the work tonight.
So thanks do that. Yeah.
Did you already do something this morning or?
No, because I just got back like half an hour ago.
Ohh OK and you have to leave in an hour again.
Yeah.
Ohh OK. ****. Ohh. OK, no problem.
I mean, I moved all my appointments of the week for to today, so I won't have to that I won't have to miss like other days.
Ohh OK.
Gotcha.
You.
OK, So what are you gonna do later today or tonight?
Um, right now, I'll still work on the checklist and try to improve it and Add all day I.
Hmm.
And.
Later tonight, I can maybe work on streaming at the A or handling the missing values.
Yeah, they have to cheque with the rest. What? You want to work on streamlet? Because mouse is already covered.
Yeah.
But yeah, I'm not sure what what else is. What else needs to be done?
Alright.
Because I don't have to try to boards in front of me.
I have it here.
I mean, most of this stuff, it's like.
This deployment and we can do that tomorrow.
OK, that's cool.
Yeah, that's it.
Okay to onto Michael.
Yeah.
Same question for you.
So.
What did you do yesterday? What are you going to do today? Did you run into any problems?
Ohh yesterday I think so yes.
Uh huh.
Yeah, I saw.
They are deployed the machine learning Streamlets I created like a virtual environment with poetry and bit like the lynching and the code format thing so that we should meet two more IOSI think.
OK.
Okay.
Publish and maybe yeah, sufficient.
And I also started doing the unit testing, which is really problematic for me, at least right now. I guess like a lot of errors, there's like one thing. So I can say it's my problem.
Hmm.
And I don't know where exactly should I do them so.
The best thing would be for me to talk to Dean tomorrow.
Yeah.
Just like I don't know if I should also do the unit test for some like.
Um, models that were only.
Hmm.
Not like, you know, not that deliverable, but only like some.
Testing so I don't know what they mean by it.
Do you already have an? Do you already have an idea on how to how to fix your problem, or are you just gonna wait for for Dean?
No, I will try to do something for.
Okay, that's cool.
Sure.
That's cool. So so some question for me, what I did yesterday.
How come you quickly prove?
Come again?
Ohh OK, never mind.
Now again.
Because.
Hello, can you hear me?
OK, so the question for me what I did yesterday.
I worked on putting in more more charts in streamlet. I did run into a problem with creating one line chart because it looks like crap.
But I have to go go to Alicante tomorrow or Irene to ask them if they can help me.
And I filled in some of the ilos on um on the PowerPoint presentation, the learning log, and I further improved the map visuals and Michael Michael's saw what what I changed. I added a slider on top of the.
On top of the map charts.
Or met facials. And whenever you select a year, the map automatically changes to that specific year.
So yeah, that's what I did.
And the problem I ran into was of course the.
Um, the fish was like creating.
The line chart and bar chart.
But that's what I'm gonna.
Uh do tomorrow and later today. I'm probably gonna.
Um.
Figure out how to.
Fix a line chart myself and if I am unable to do that, I'll just go to Alicante tomorrow.
Yeah, that's it.
If you fix it, do we have enough charts and maps to just start putting them into stream? Little like finish them the dashboard? Or do we need to?
Visualise something else.
I don't think we have to visualise something else. If you guys think we have to, then please let me know. But I don't think we have to.
OK, OK, let's just.
I mean I it's do we have enough visuals now in order to answer our research question?
Uh, I think like the correlation matrix will be the most.
Useful for the.
But there is question because it will actually what's what are the most important?
The correlations the factors.
And besides all that, yeah, we can just put the.
The visual, so I think we have enough.
Okay, but there's nothing else we can we we need in order to answer our research question.
Or is there?
Don't think so.
Okay, that's cool.
Yeah, me neither.
No, I think we're done with that.
It's.
I hope.
Yeah.
Anything else I can I can do later today?
She's in your learning book.
That's it.
Yeah.
Cool.
I mean, we so tomorrow we can. I think all try to get talk and.
The third deploying all the visuals right.
Yeah.
Hmm.
This timely.
So yeah, but we I guess we need to talk about this and we can maybe.
With the the task now.
Yep.
I don't know, no idea, but this.
OK.
Good. That's for free.
Then I will just work on my learning lock and the visuals later today.
Yes.
OK, cool.
You like try to have them ready so that tomorrow we can start picking doing just that final dash weather working.
That's what I would say.
Yeah, that's OK. I'll try to fix them. But if I if I can, I will have to go to other channel, but.
Okay.
I'll try to fix it anyways.
OK. Then I think that's.
That's the meeting we came to the end of the meeting.
And I wish you all good luck.
Yep, same.
No.
Thank for you.
And if you run into any problems, just text.
Alright, bye guys.
Ohh well.
Good luck.
I.
Wait.
I didn't get some card by by accident. I don't know what? What card?
Yeah, I saw.
Ohh.
But.
What is it?
What did you do?
Hello 7 is it any worse? Is it still there? Can you see?
I I can see it.
Yeah.
What is?
It's.
Ha ha. No, never mind. That's just over panic. Nothing.
It's it's been fixed.
Go to work. Don't ask me any question.
Ohh ****.
OK.
All right.
They're good like that.
Okay good luck.
Good luck.
My.
Hi.
Tell.